ReadMe Review (#460)
Particular/NServiceBus.Extensions.Hosting: README.md

# NServiceBus.Extensions.Hosting

> NServiceBus.Extensions.Hosting supports [Microsoft.Extensions.Hosting](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/core/extensions/generic-host).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NServiceBus.Extensions.Hosting is the extension to support [Microsoft.Extensions.Hosting](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/core/extensions/generic-host).
```
